lached out of the Congress when uh you
believe that Sonia Gandhi was unfair by
not appointing you chief minister after
your father passed away if sometime in
the future Rahul Gandhi says jagun come
back you know let's uh join hands let's
work together what would you tell
him
see our interest is very
clear you know we're not against Rahul G
we are not against anybody basically as
a matter of
fact our objective is
straight we don't want to trust
anybody we've already lost 5
years we you will have our support
provided you
give you give a support it's as simple
as that and we want to keep all our
options open we don't want to be tied
down with anybody no one is to support
from the outside I'm saying going back
and joining the Congress like your
father once was a member of the Congress
and the brightest star in the Congress
see Congress
is
evaporated there's no Congress there in
Andra Pradesh where is the Congress
there I don't
understand there's no Congress there why
do we need Congress probably Congress
needs
us it's as simple as that they got some
after having ruled Andra Pradesh for 10
years they got about 2.94% of the vote
in the 2014 elections are you thinking
that they improving where the Congress
thinks it's improving from there you
think they've finished came
over see Congress
themselves have no confidence in
themselves if they had confidence in
themselves then why are they tying up
with telan party whom they fought
against for the past 30 40 years 30
years they've been fighting against
telan party and today without any morals
without any ethics without any SC
in fact the worst part I'll just say
something about it all uh uh
June 8
2018 it's 6 months from this state
before this state congress in Andra
Pradesh released a book on Chandra Babu
naidu's
corruption released a book officially
with Rahul Gandhi's photo on it and said
the most corrupt chief minister of Andra
Pradesh the most corrupt chief minister
that is Andra Pradesh Chandra Babu NAU
released a book on Chandra Babu NAU
congress
party within 3
months Telangana
elections Congress and Tel party coming
together and fighting an election in
telengana I mean what do the these
people what do they think of people I
mean you just can't release a book 3
months before saying somebody is the
most corrupt person within 3 months go
back and and you know come together as
an
alliance and you know try and fool the
people whichever way you want I don't I
mean this kind of politics if one were
to do then people will definitely not
like you I mean they would they would
dislike these kind of politics Will the
Congress TDP Alliance make any
difference to your life in the Andra
Pradesh assembly and loka elections in a
few weeks from now see what I believe in
is God what I believe in is people of
Andra Pradesh they the people who WOTE
Congress last time I fought and again I
last time I fought independently
individually against everybody who came
together then it was TDP it was BJP it
was pan Kalan and so on and so forth all
of them were on one side I was on the
other side
alone and the difference between them
and us
was less than a percentage 1% less than
1% so to me it makes no difference even
now now Chandrababu NAU
is uh shifted
gar he was earlier with BJP now he is
with
Congress in Andra Pradesh the battle is
between credibility
versus
opportunism that's the battle you know
you shift
faces you shift masks you do everything
what you should not be doing and then
you ask people to vote for people will
definitely not vote